Yolov3-dev (#1)
j-bd/yolo_v3: README.md

Check options available before enter ```make``` command as GPU and so on.

## Data source

I used data made available by "Radiological Society of North America" on Kaggle. The challenge name is ["RSNA Pneumonia Detection Challenge"](https://www.kaggle.com/c/rsna-pneumonia-detection-challenge).

The second version of data is organised as:
* A train folder with about 26 684 images,
* A test folder with about 3 000 images,
* A csv file named "stage_2_train_labels.csv" with the bounding boxes of all train images,
* A csv file named "sample_submission_v2.csv" to show the shape of the output expected.

## Before any code execution

Before launching this algorithm make sure the Kaggle data are organized as following in a master directory:
* A directory with your images test named 'stage_2_test_images',
* A directory with your images train named 'stage_2_train_images',
* A detailed CSV file train labels named 'stage_2_train_labels.csv',
* A detailed CSV file for submission named 'stage_2_sample_submission.csv'.

> All this elements must be gather in the same directory. The path will be mentionned when launching the algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All these elements must be gathered in the same directory. The path will be mentionned when launching the algorithm.
```

[Source](https://www.kaggle.com/c/rsna-pneumonia-detection-challenge/data)

## Implementing YOLOv3 for our own dataset and process for the training:

To train yolo_v3 algorithm to detect our custom objects we need to follow this steps:
* Create a file named 'yolo-obj.cfg' as a configuration of the CNN (a custom copy of yolov3.cfg),

> * Create a file named 'obj.names' with the names of our custom object. Here is 'pneumonia',

Reviewer: `.names` is a weird extension; usually you don't use extensions to specify what's inside a file!

Author: I am agree with you, but it seems that the creators took this decision and the algorithm expect it.

* Create a file named 'obj.data' with the numbers of class objects and path to different files,
* Gather all images ('.jpg' format) in a same directory,
* Create a '.txt' file with all labels in relative float value,
* Create a '.txt' file with the path to all training images,
* Create a '.txt' file with the path to all validation images,
* Download the right [pre-trained weights file](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet).

> To save model files more regularly during the training, we need to modify the code of this following file ```darknet/examples/detector.c``` (around the line 138) :

Reviewer: Instead of cloning and modifying the code, you rather should fork darknet repo, make your changes here and clone your own fork in local when you want to. Thus your changes to darknet are taken into account and saved, and someone cloning your repo does not have to make the changes by hand !

Reviewer 2: After the fork, and the commit that modifies the code, you will be able to make this repo a submodule of `yolo_v3`.

Author: @Toz3wm , @Ngoguey42, Fork and submodule done. Thanks for this tip !

```
    if(i%10000==0 || (i < 1000 && i%100 == 0)){
```
to:
```
    if(i%1000==0 || (i < 2000 && i%50 == 0)){
```
We now save in the backup folder every 50 iterations a '.weights' file till we reach 2000 and then we save after every 1000 iterations

## Global organization of the repository

The folder **data** gather few files automatically generated by my algorithms.

> The file ```pneumonia_functions.py``` is mainly dedicated to prepare the algorithm to learn a new object. It offers the possibility to:

Reviewer: You don't need a triple backquote here. triple backquotes are for code snippets; simple backquote is enough otherwise

Reviewer: On another level, you can either put all your doc here or in docstring.  If you put it here, I'd change the "`def xxx`" by "`xxx` function"

Reviewer: Also, what do you mean by "learn a new object" ? what does that mean ?

Author: @Toz3wm. "learn a new object" change into "trained to detect new object"

* create the structure of the project and download automatically a pre trained weight given by the author of Yolo v3 ```def_structure```,
* prepare different config files used by Yolo v3 to learn new objects ```def yolo_parameters```:
  - ```def yolo_cfg_file```: generate the config file for yolo v3 training,

>   - ```def yolo_names_file```: name(s) of the new object(s),

Reviewer: This does not have any _action_ ? Why is it function then ?

Author: @Toz3wm Bad explanation from my side. It does have action. I added it.

  - ```def yolo_data_file```: paths of all files needed for yolo v3 training.
* set up the train et val dataset with ```def data_preprocessing```,
* transform medical images (.dcm) into ".jpg" files with ```def yolo_jpg_file``` and ```def dcm_to_array```,
* generate label in the shape of yolo_v3 learning CNN with ```def yolo_label_generation```. This function indicate to the algorithm where is located the object in the image training or image validation,
* generate a '.txt' file with the path and the name of each image ```def yolo_image_path_file```,
* display pneumonia or not image with or without the box ```def visualisation```,
* represent the loss trend line over the learning process ```def loss_function```.

The file ```pneumonia_detection.py```is dedicated to the detection on the test images. It allows to:
* create a new '.cfg' file for yolo v3 detection as recommended by authors ```def test_cfg_file```,
* launch detection on submitted image ```def detect```,
* record all results under the right shape to be send to Kaggle ```def submission_file```.

I offer the possibility to execute automatically all the algorithm through ```main.py```

> 

Reviewer: Considering that a lot of function's name in this file are prefixed with `yolo`, it looks like you could gather those in a common  abstraction: a class, or a `yolo_utils.py` file ?

Reviewer: Also, I finally think that this documentation should be in docstrings: here I had to switch back-and-forth between this file and `pneumonia_detection`, this is a pain !

Reviewer 2: Yeah but here the targeted audience are people that might not go further than the README :(

Author: @Toz3wm The idea of a class is very interesting. To be honest, I don't feel at ease with class, but it will be a very good exercise. I add it to my "to do list".

@Ngoguey42 True, the targeted audience will be junior data scientist with no much knowledge in programming.

## Terminal Command

For all commands, please make sure to be located in the project folder.

To lauch the preprocessing execution:
* ```python main.py --command train --origin_folder path/to/kaggle/data/folder --project_folder path/to/your/project/folder --batch 64 --subdivisions 16 --split_rate 0.8```

> * The following arguments are mandatory: **--command** (preprocessing activation), **--origin_folder** (origin folder) and **--project_folder** (project folder)

Reviewer: This should be indicated by your `python main.py --help`; you can dump it's result directly here !

Author: @Toz3wm I added it in the ```argparse.ArgumentParser``` creation. Please, tell me if it is right.
